##Getting and Cleaning Data: Code Book

Below are the cleaned data set variables, included data types, units, and other realted attributes.  The process for arriving at the below results can be further review in the readme.md and the R script itself.

###[1] Cleaned Result Set

File Location: 

Variable Name | Variable Type | Units | Raw Data Source | Transformations
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
ActivityName | Reference | n/a
SubjectNumber | Reference | n/a
tBodyAcc-mean()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAcc-std()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAcc-std()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAcc-std()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAcc-mean()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAcc-std()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAcc-std()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAcc-std()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyGyro-mean()-X | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyro-std()-X | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyro-std()-Y | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyro-std()-Z | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyAccMag-mean() | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccMag-std() | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAccMag-mean() | Measurement | standard gravity units
tGravityAccMag-std() | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyAccJerkMag-std() | Measurement | standard gravity units
tBodyGyroMag-mean() | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroMag-std() | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | Measurement | radians per second
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyAcc-mean()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAcc-std()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAcc-std()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAcc-std()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyGyro-mean()-X | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyGyro-std()-X | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyGyro-std()-Y | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyGyro-std()-Z | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyAccMag-mean() | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyAccMag-std() | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean() | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std() | Measurement | standard gravity units
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std() | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() | Measurement | radians per second
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std() | Measurement | radians per second

###[2] Cleaned and Aggregated Result Set

File Location: